Note: Requires UCSC email
Doc Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q301I9xgtmivoTK8NGSsRyVOrCd5cXnQXY3F193Y2fM/edit?usp=sharing

Heading: Release Plan of BoyoRPG for Gold Team. This is release one. Release date is June 8. 

High level goals: Develop an aesthetically acceptable RPG written in Python. For release 1 (at the end of sprint 4) we want to be able to generate a world and to be able to enter/exit worlds. After we want to include boundaries on the world's along with interactions. Next we want to develop some sort of quest style system. Finally we want to develop a final boss fight.

User Stories: 
As a player I want to see an initial world so that I can start playing the game
As a player I want enter to other worlds
As a player I want to have defined and implemented boundaries for every map, so that I don't walk through walls. 
As a player I want to be able to complete main and sides quests so that i can have more interaction in the game
As a player I want to see established mob spawns for every map, so that there are enemies in specific areas to fight.
As a player I want Mobs to attack and move towards me
As a player I want to interact with NPCs, so that I can pick up quests and read dialogue
 As a player I want to have a modifiable player inventory, so I can swap weapons and gear
As a player I potentially want an endgame Area mode so we can have endgame content. 

Sprint 1:
 3 As a player I want to see an initial world so that I can start playing the game
 3 As a player I want to see other worlds in the filesystem, so I can see variety in the  game’s environments
 3 As a player I want my character to spawn on world with basic controls so I can play the game and move my character
 13 As a player I want enter to other worlds to feel variety in the game’s environments
 5 As a player I want to see basic menu functionality (main/pause) so that I can take a break from the game
 5 As a player I want to see my player stats (leveling system) so that I can see my character’s progress in game

Sprint 2: 
13 As a player I want to have defined and implemented boundaries for every map, so that I don't walk through walls. 
5 As a player I want to see established mob spawns for every map, so that there are enemies in specific areas to fight.
8 As a player I want to have a modifiable player inventory, so I can swap weapons and gear.

Sprint 3: 
11 As a player I want to be able to complete main and sides quests so that i can have more interaction in the game
8 As a player I want to see mini bosses added to maps because I want to have a challenge between fighting mobs and the final boss
8 As a player I want to interact with NPCs, so that I can pick up quests and read dialogue

Sprint 4: 
11 As a player I want to see finalized and developed quests, so I can acquire items. 
8 As a player I want to interact with NPCs, so I can pick up quests
(Below Stories were declared “maybe” if the prior were completed 
11 As a player I potentially want an endgame Area mode so we can have endgame content. 
8 As a player I potentially want a store system so that I can buy potions and weapons  


Product backlog: 
As a player I want a greater questline/main story
As a player I want enemy NPCs to have defined collision with themselves and walls
As a player I want a completed Store System
As a player I want my stats to be modified by store items
